# Induction programme
# Day 1:-
when i visited Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College for the first time to attend induction program. I felt so delighted.Firstly,I visited Gurudwara Sahib of the college and spend 2 hours there and take blessings from God for my new journey.It was really a peacefull moment for me.There i learnt many moral values from Granthi of the Gurudwara. Then i have some refreshment which was arranged by the college authority.
After that,the all students assembled in auditorium.It was a calm and beautiful place.There we recognized many honorable personalities like Dr.Sehjpal Singh(principal),Dr.K.S Mann(HOD of IT) ,Harpreet Kaur Grewal(HOD) of applied science department and many one. I really inspired by such personalities and also our seniors.I really enjoyed my induction program. 
# Day 2:-
In morning, there is proficiency test of mathematics and english of us.After that we had a break of one hour. Then all students of IT assembled in auditorium.There we have an interactive session with Reputed Dr.Jaswinder Singh.He proves that science and mathematics is very interesting. He familiarised us with many new tricks of maths.After that,Dr.Arshdeep Singh Sir gave a important information about food.Then we have a session with our seniors about causmic club.Its really a inspiring day for me.
# Day 3:- Universal Human Values And Github
Again, all IT students assembled in auditorium for interactive session with some inspiring characters.Firstly,Dr.Priya darshni mam introduce us about the unviersal human values.This session is one of my favorite session beacause in this session, she taught us about what is real understanding and what is the difference between real happiness and excitement.She actually taught us that"Happiness is our goal of life". It is very important to be happy and it is our main motive to achieve.Then our seniors give us information about Github.At the end,This session also inspired me so much.
# Day 4:-
In morning, we attend lecture of english and chemistry.Firstly, we have lecture of english with prof.Nisha mam.Firstly, we have to introduce ourselves in front of all.I was little nervous but it such an amazing lesson for me and i give my introduction very well.After that we have lecture of chemistry with Dr.Rajvir kaur mam.She is also honored one.She taught that chemistry is very easy and interesting subject and also she proves that.After that,we have another session with Respected Dr.Priya darshni mam in auditorium.I really enjoyed this session also.This session is about our Happiness,Life.It was really learning day for me.
# Day 5:-
Today,we have to attend lecture of maths,BEEE.Our first lecture of mathematics by prof.Sandeep kaur mam.It was really a learning lecture for me.After that,our seniors gave lecture about P2P which is about programming.They taught us about what is programming ,algorithm etc.This is really learning session for me.The third lecture of BEEE by prof.Sukhpal singh.In this lecture,he taught us about circuit etc.After that i explored the college campus with my new friend. The campus is very beautiful. 
# Day 6:-
So firstly we have lecture of BEEE by prof.Sukhpal singh.In this lecture,he taught us about ohm's law,kirchoff law.After that again all IT students assembled in auditorium.The first session of our Chief guest (Sr.Gurcharan Singh Grewal).After that, The second session was given by Dr.Lakhvir singh Khanna, he tells us about CML(cantral multiple learning) and NPTEL.This lecture really gives me more knowledge.It was very useful session for our future.After that there is session with Dr.Arvind dhingra. It was motivative session.It was really amazing session and i really enjoy all these sessions.
# Day 7:-
Again we assembled in auditorium. Firstly,we all students prayed first.After that our seniors tells us about all the clubs,societies, workshops associated with GNDEC by Dr.Parminder Singh(Dean-student welfare).After that we have session with prof.Amit khanna sir.He tell us about the DMC( Digital marketing Club).This session was really interesting for me because personally i have interest in editing so i think i should join this club to improve my editing skills.After that i attended lecture of english and chemistry.Again, i get more knowledge by attending these lectures.Also i explored the college campus in break.And it was really very beautiful.Also i found very special or creative space of Architecture based floor.It was really very nice experience for me.The campus is very big and beautiful. I really enjoyed it.
# Day 8:-
Today firstly we have lecture of mathematics by prof.Sandeep kaur Gill mam. In this lecture we studied differental equation.After that, we have lecture of prof.Jaswant Singh.he tells us about what is programming etc.and give us more knowledge about our course.This session is really very useful for me.
